{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f2\fmodern\fcharset0 CourierNewPSMT;
\f3\ftech\fcharset77 Symbol;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat0\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid301\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid4}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 Thesis\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
Canada is one of the best Olympic teams. I will showcase this through, medals won overall, through number of golds, silver, bronze overall in comparison to the other top ten medal counts and through specific sports such as Hockey and Ice skating. \
 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 What You intend to prove\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
In this one-page outline I will showcase why Canada is one of the best at the winter Olympics. \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 Development Roadmap \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 I will begin showcasing medals won overall by country and year, which will help me determine the top 10 countries in the winter Olympics.  I will use the top ten countries in relation to the last 10 Olympic runs.  I will then determine the medal breakdown for Canada in the last ten years. By comparing Canada to other countries in a specific sport we can see how they truly and specifically triumphed the Winter Olympics. This will be showcased through Ice skating and Hockey.\
\
The following points are my development roadmap\
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\fi-360\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 -	Create a repository in GitHub. \
-	Write read me (skeleton)\
-	 Data analyze to determine my 6+ graphs\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1489\fi-360\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0
\f2 \cf0 o	
\f1 Top ten country medal count based on all sports and all years\
\ls2\ilvl0
\f2 o	
\f1 Top ten medal count based on all sports and last ten years\
\ls2\ilvl0
\f2 o	
\f1 Total medal count broken down in gold, silver, bronze for Canada\
\ls2\ilvl0
\f2 o	
\f1 Total Medal count broken down by sport for Canada \
\pard\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-360\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0
\f2 \cf0 o	
\f1 Top two sports in comparison to top ten countries to determine medal count\
\pard\pardeftab720\li2880\fi-360\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\f3 \cf0 \'a5	
\f1 Ice Skating\
\ls4\ilvl0
\f3 \'a5	
\f1 Hockey\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\
}